In this subdirectory you will find scripts and a config file that can
be used to start a dedicated Nexuiz server on linux, mac or windows
systems and also some tools that help with maintaining your server.

You will need to copy the right script into your Nexuiz main
directory, where the normal binaries are.  There are two scrips for
each sytems, one to start a normal Nexuiz server and one to start a
Nexuiz 'Pro' server, that differs in movement and weapon settings.
You then need to copy and ADJUST the config file which is called
server.cfg.  You can copy it either into the Nexuiz/data directory
where the big data*.pk3 file is or when running on linux or mac you
can as well copy it into a special directory called ~/.nexuiz/data

Please make sure your server is always uptodate!  Just signup the
Nexuiz release mailinglist to get informed about new releases.
https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/nexuiz-releases

An important thing is to make sure that your firewall does allow
players to connect to your server.  This typicly means you will have
to open or forward the port (see the line that sets the variable port
in your config.cfg for the right port number, default is 26000) to the
computer running your server.  How to do this does depend on your
computer and network setup.

If you plan to install custom maps on your server you should read the
file Docs/mapdownload.txt to learn how to setup automatic map
download.

After you have setup everything and have adjusted the config file you
can start the server by running the server script.  The options in the
config file are only the most interesting and important ones.  You can
find more information about setting up a dedicated server in the
Nexuiz Wiki:
http://alientrap.org/wiki/pmwiki.php?n=Main.DedicatedServer

Some more info about the available variables and commands:
http://alientrap.org/wiki/pmwiki.php?n=Main.GameTweaks
http://alientrap.org/wiki/pmwiki.php?n=Main.ConsoleCommands

rcon2irc is a Nexuiz server to irc gateway.  It allows you to watch
and communicate with active players on your server via irc.  Extract
it and read its rcon2irc.txt to learn how to setup and use it!

rcon.pl is a perl script that implements rcon which can be used to
remotely control your server.
